every oh I don't get that hi one
vegetarian pizza it's top 50 oh uh by
the way if it makes you feel any better
I happen to like get your old boys
[Applause]
what I mean the your hair before your
hair and you said you thought that your
hair looked like an eight-year-old boys
and I'm just saying I like it the hair
Thanks you understand I don't actually
like you know the money stop bringing us
pizzas you I'm gonna try you're welcome
you couldn't let me have her could you
what this is a girl I really like I knew
you had that swoop in there what's wrong
Chandler was totally flirting with a hot
delivery girl thank you for that
I was not flirting it's okay I don't
care it's fine I think do I do it all
the time
you-you-you flirt with guys all the time
sure it doesn't mean anything just like
I know it doesn't mean anything with you
okay but there's a big difference all
right you were a lot hotter than I am
true story Jesus actually bothers you
yes it does bother me I think it would
bother a lot of people Rachel and when
you were going out with Ross did it
bother you when he flirted with other
women
uh no bothered me when he slept with
everyone and thank you for that but you
know I never really had anything to
worry about Ross was never very good at
the flirting thing what are you talking
about it did work with you oh you know
what no you're right we met you flirted
and then BAM nine years later you had me
all right yeah you know what I'm gonna
do i I'm gonna order another pizza and
when Kailen gets here you you know I
will show you how well I flirt and I
will I will get her phone number and not
the one on the menu
oh we can't keep eating like this it's
had 1250 okay so make the pizzas and one
of those wood-burning ovens no actually
um I think they're gasps - Wow intense
if this is the way all the Gellers flirt
we don't have a problem hey you know
that smell gas has yeah they put that in
the gas is odorless but they add the
smell so you know when there's a leak
okay a lot of other gas smells
oh the humanity Matt methane smells
actually I I really I should go oh but I
haven't paid you you know what that's
okay you guys warded so many than this
one's on me was I talking to her about
gas